Update step-down.mdx to describe behavior against non-active nodes (#23657)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/system/step-down.mdx

## Step down leader

> This endpoint forces the node to give up active status. When executed against a 
> non-active node, i.e. a standby or performance standby node, the request will be 
> forwarded to the active node. Note that the node will sleep

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The step-down endpoint forces nodes to give up "active" status. If you
call the endpoint against a non-active node, for example, a DR or
 performance standby node, Vault forwards the request to the active
  node.
  
    Note that the node will sleep
```
Style correction: write in the active voice, make it clear who/what takes the action
